*2010.12.01 Council Meeting*

* Present: Peter, Amanda, Cynthia, Gary, Jeff, Owen, Andy, Ben(?), Brian

* Agenda
    - Finances
    - Open Access Connections report-back
    - A donation offer from Benji's church
    - Getting some stuff recycled, now that we have a bit more cash in the account:
       * Metal Man to take metal in corral.
       * Prepping for WM pickup.
       * Plastic in corral to MPC?
       * Other stuff for bounty to different vendors.
    - Working with Jamie to resell some systems
    - Reorganization Of Space
    
* <2010-12-01 Wed 18:40> Meeting Started

* <2010-12-01 18:45> Business Plan
Cynthia: need some additional info & comments on 501c3 application and related business plan; would like to have ready for submission by Jan 1, 2011, should have lawyer review before then

* <2010-12-01 18:48> Finance
Brian: brought in ~$1600 from garage sale, have ~$2700 in account

* <2010-12-01 18:50> Other Business 
Jeff: local church may have excess stuff (?) to donate to us, and/or reasonable grant for e.g. organization/storage containers
Peter/Owen: may be easier to justify grants for one-time expenses (e.g. tools, materials for shelving...); small Torx drivers?
Andy: standardized tool kits?
Make up general wish lists for church?

* <2010-12-01 18:53> Open Access Connections
Brian: Open Access Connections looking to set up lab/"cafe" for drop-in use by homeless Twin Cities residents, but without some of the restrictions (duration of use, content filtering, and particularly open hours) placed on their use; still looking for space, but might want several (6-8?) desktops, or may be interested in laptops?

* <2010-12-01 19:00> Laptop Donation
Jeff/Owen/Andy: Would like to donate laptop (?) to Guadalupe Galeno-Hernandez; what's the policy on this?  Since we don't give laptops (generally), should members count donation as their earned system?  Maybe best option: give board/council discretion to make (unsolicited?) grants in "extraordinary circumstances"? Decision: plan to donate laptop; work on amended language via list

Jeff/Owen: would like to give Windows/Mac, and not make her learn new OS -- since it's non-Open Source, maybe make it non-official (personal?) donation, and/or explicitly say this is NOT the normal process

* <2010-12-01 19:20> Retail
Jeff: Takes a Village (thrift store @ 3405 Chicago) may have space to resell computers; would we want to sell on consignment, or simply sell him machines?

Amanda: cannot do consignment; Jamie may want percentage of sales -- 60/40 is standard for consignment?  If we sell machines to Jamie, do we need to have escrow account in case e.g. machines don't sell and are returned?

Jeff: zoning of 821 as retail initially was anomaly, and was rezoned when PPNA moved in; may be able to have occasional (e.g. quarterly) sales without rezoning, but per city council would be best to work with e.g. 3405; probably OK to sell online, since doesn't increase neighborhood traffic

* <2010-12-01 19:38> Recycling
Peter: planning to pick up ~10 gaylords from Waste Management, as well as recycle circuit boards (and power supplies?)

Owen: OK to recycle AT power supplies; need some surplus (more than we need, due to varied form factors), but can probably get rid of >50%? -- need downstream, because we'll likely have more than we can use short-term?

Peter: due to difficulty of differentiating aluminum vs. stainless makes hard drives hard to break down & sort -- maybe we should recycle unusable (broken and/or sub-10G drives)? Need to DBAN and/or substantially disable before sending off to recycler... May be good to have pallets just to support gaylords while filling, for pickup? Also, need to have someone here on weekday for monitor pick-up -- Jeff and/or Owen may be available; would like to keep them inside, to keep gaylords intact and ease pickup.

Fair amount of steel to pick up; need to call Metal Man (?); plastic may be better sent to e.g. MPC, since their sorting standards are more lenient

Peter: what do we do with future monitors? Have gaylord dedicated to them -- not ideal, because it takes up a lot of space; maybe put in basement, but difficult to move, and don't yet have space for them.  Also have stuff to sort/recycle in basement; shop around for better prices? Would be nice to keep >~10 CRTs on-site; then try to recycle (drop off) as needed.

* <2010-12-01 20:10> Space Considerations
Peter/Jeff: highest priorities should be clearing out future elevator area and hallway, sorting into garage; need to come up with guidelines (e.g. name & date for ongoing projects)

Owen: need space for intake; storage for: intake/to recycle, to refurbish, in progress, ready (for sale? testing?)

Peter: flow: need to pull drive immediately; what's the next step?

Owen: (per build process), take out storage -- builders will reinstall/test; want to decrease intake time, make it more straightforward; keep eye out for high-quality (e.g. Antec) cases -- need to designate separate areas for e.g. those needing testing vs. intake; put intake next to intake benches (Peter is preparing these); move components along to testing stations (helpful psychologically?)

* <2010-12-01 20:26> Intro to Ubuntu / Care & Feeding Class
Peter: do on Saturday, in kitchen? May be able to set up LTSP with e.g. iMacs (though may encounter usual PowerPC/Ubuntu conflict?) 

Gary: should be priority, let those who have purchased know (via website?) Need to have RSVP, and give preference to those who purchased at garage sale, but open to anybody?

Amanda may be willing to help teach; may also have bilingual (Rob?) volunteer willing to help? Aim for early January for class?

Also: we'll be closed 12/25 and 1/1!

* TODO Look into hardware for classes (maybe iMacs for LTSP?); Brian needs to set up tracking (Tryton!!!)
